hey what's up ere YouTube digital Sawyer
and this is my response to mr. safety
Corey a lot of valid points mean I mean
you brought you shed light on a lot of
things that a lot of people been
wondering about sponsorship to the
YouTube community is it wrong that's
something that you didn't cover a lot of
people think that if you receive money
for doing this service that you're not
real or it's a bad thing or you're a
sellout and I don't believe that's right
i mean if i could do this 24-7 and not
have to go to the 925 that i do now
phenomenal man it would be phenomenal
because i'm not going to sit back on my
butt and be like oh yeah i'm getting
paid all this is the life man oh dude no
you're going to put more time into what
you love to do man i'm at work thinking
about what can I talk about on youtube
tonight i'm at work thinking about what
kind of message can i get across tonight
to people you know what I'm saying its
sponsorship really a bad thing come on
how could it be I mean would you guys
really hate it would it be such a
horrible thing that if maybe at the each
and every end of my video you saw
tonight's digital soil flood was brought
to you by no salt it's a salt
alternative if flavors like salt but
it's salt free yummy don't hate me
please don't hate me please don't hate
me I mean that seems to be the common
census out there nowadays as if some of
the more popular vloggers are if any
vlogger is receiving any kind of
compensation for doing what it is that
they do that they're not real I myself
was actually approached by a very nice
man who i'm still trying to think about
how i can do something kind for this
person that did something kind for me
i'm not going to say what it is
i'm saying is IM this weekend going to
purchase my camera so I can get out
there and get in people's faces so you
can see me interact with the community
but honestly some very valid points man
so if I were to go out there and
approach someone about wearing a t-shirt
if I would approach somebody about
reading off a little website just so I
can make better quality videos for you I
mean imagine if I could go out to a
hospital and talk to patients about
bulimia cancer any kind of thing that
I've spoken on drugs not saying that I
couldn't do that now but I'm really not
capable of grabbing my laptop grabbing
my webcam and dragging all this stuff
now if I had like one little camera and
I were able to go out there and interact
and come home and put it all together
real nice for you to watch would not be
worth watching would you really hate
somebody if they were receiving any kind
of funds to help make that possible I
don't think so a lot of people jumped on
boheme because of some kind of paypal
thing that he did I mean why why hate
somebody for getting help to make better
quality videos for you so Corey mr.
safety man thanks for shed light on this
I myself might look into it it's
something that could happen you never
know what's going to happen here YouTube
one day then may take us all and change
everything that's happening maybe
somebody might become televised if that
ever does happen for me I'm never going
to forget where I've come from people
that I p.m. to this day have my email I
will talk to them forever and if I just
remain here on YouTube at the same
status than I am now so bid I'm still
reaching people and helping them that's
why I'm here so Corey good job keep up
the good work love your videos man and
thanks for information I'm going to
think about it in the end you guys are
what's important
you guys what makes it worth doing all
this I receive an email from somebody
saying that I've helped them in some way
shape or form that's payment enough but
if I can make a better video for the
people youtube for my viewers for my
subscribers I'm gonna do whatever it
takes but if this is as good as it gets
I'm fine with that this is digital soul
I'll be watching you thanks for watching
me and thanks for subscribing but should
never have to because I'm easy to find
alright guys peace